**Question 1**

  **1) i**
     * column/row meaning*
     * **order_id** - identifier for order, integers are order number grouping items together
     * **quantity** - number of items ordered, integers indicating how many of each item was  ordered
     * **item_name** - food item ordered; string name of item
     * **choice_description** - order options/ types of toppings ordered for food or drink flavor, list [nested], indicating toppings
     * **item_price** - cost of item ordered, float with dollar sign to two decimal places

  **1) ii**
     Appears to be 1834 orders
     *Command*: None, used last order number from tail view

  **1) iii**
     4623 lines
     *Command*: wc chipotle.tsv -l

  **1) iv**
     Chicken more popular (553 lines with this item) vs Steak (368 lines with this item)
     *Command*: grep “Chicken Burrito” chipotle.tsv | wc -l
     *Command*: grep “Steak Burrito” chipotle.tsv | wc -l

  **1) v**
     Chicken Burritos more often have Black Beans than Pinto Beans (282 orders with Black Beans vs 105 orders with Pinto Beans)
     *Command*: grep “Chicken Burrito” chipotle.tsv | grep “Black Beans” | wc -l
     *Command*: grep “Chicken Burrito” chipotle.tsv | grep “Pinto Beans” | wc -l

**Question 2**

  Three files, all in data subdirectory of DAT7: airlines.csv; chipotle.tsv; sms.tsv
  *Command (Terminal)*: find . -name *.*cv

**Question 3**

  Fifteen occurrences of “dictionary” across DAT7 repo
  *Command (Terminal)*: grep -r -i “dictionary” . | wc -l

**Question 4**

  * **Did not now about advanced commands when I started this!  Using *Command: grep “Search Term for Drinks” chipotle.tsv | cut f-4 | sort | uniq -c* would have made this a lot easier!
  * Chicken is the most popular meat.  Followed by Steak, then Barbacoa, then Carnitas
  *Command*: grep “Chicken” chipotle.tsv, grep “Steak” chipotle.tsv, grep “Carnitas” chipotle.tsv
  * Bowls are more popular than Burritos.
  *Command*: grep “Bowl” chipotle.tsv, grep “Burrito” chipotle.tsv
  * **For sodas, started using grep + Canned Soft Drink and unravelled more soda types after noticing Sprite and Diet Coke were present in multiple categories**
  * Soda is the most popular drink.  It is listed as Canned Soda, Canned Soft Drink and 6 pack Soft Drink.
  * Diet Coke is the most popular Soda.
  * Coke is available as “Coke” in “Canned Soft Drink” and “6 Pack Soft Drink”.  As a canned Soda it is available as “Coca Cola.”
  * Diet Coke and Sprite are available in all three types of Soda.
  * Canned Soft Drink is the most popular soda type.  Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, Lemonade, Nestea
  * Canned Soda has six options: Coca Cola, Diet Coke, Dr. Pepper, Diet Dr. Pepper, Sprite, and Mountain Dew.  Dr. Pepper is the most popular canned soda.
  * **Fairly straight forward grep + beverage name, much lower frequency than sodas and was easy to look at output for the different types and count which ones were most popular using grep “flavor” | wc -l**
  * Nantucket Nectar has 4 flavors:Apple, Pomegranate Cherry, Peach Orange, and Pineapple Orange Banana.  Peach Orange and Pineapple Orange Banana are the most popular (equally so).
  * Izze has 3 flavors: Clementine, Grapefruit, and Blackberry.  Clementine and Blackberry are the most popular (equally so).
 








